# Core exercise

## Defining resources in a Bicep file

### Step by step instructions

1. Double click on the `main.bicep` file in the Explorer view. This is the Bicep file we are going to edit. We've already defined some resources like a virtual network and public IP address. We're going to add a few additional resources with the help of GitHub Copilot such as a network security group and finally a virtual machine.

2. Let's add a Network Security Group resource to our Bicep file. Navigate to the end of the main.bicep file and add the following comment.

`// Network Security Group` :leftwards_arrow_with_hook:

5. Copilot should now suggest the code block to use for a Network Security Group. Once it appears, press **TAB** then **ENTER** to accept the suggestion.

   > :bulb: Remember: GitHub Copilot is a pair programmer. It is the human's responsibility to review the suggestions and accept the ones that make sense.

6. Next, let's associate our new network security group with the existing network interfaces defined earlier in the Bicep file. At the end of the `main.bicep` file, add the following comment.

`// Main network interface security group association` :leftwards_arrow_with_hook:

7. Copilot should now suggest the code block to use to associate the new network security group with the existing network interfaces. Once it appears, press **TAB** then **ENTER** to accept the suggestion.

8. Finally, let's define an Azure VM resource. At the end of the `main.bicep` file, add the following comment.

`// Virtual Machine` :leftwards_arrow_with_hook:

9. Copilot should now suggest the code block to use to create a Virtual Machine. Once it appears, press **TAB** then **ENTER** to accept the suggestion. Notice how the suggested code block references resources defined previously.

You're now ready to start the [bicep challenge](<./3. bicep challenge.md>) to see how you can leverage the power of GitHub Copilot to solve a number of challenges yourself.

## What's next?

You're now ready to start the [bicep challenge](<./3. bicep challenge.md>) to see how you can leverage the power of GitHub Copilot to solve a number of challenges yourself.
